README.md, before:

# Frinny - AI Assistant for Foundry VTT

An AI assistant for Pathfinder 2E that helps with character creation, leveling, and combat.

## Development

### Local Build

To build the module locally for testing:

1. Run the build script with the desired version number:

```bash
./scripts/build.sh 1.1.2
```

This will:
- Update the version in `frinny/module.json`
- Create a `module.zip` file in the root directory

### Automated Deployment

This project uses GitHub Actions for automated deployment. To release a new version:

1. Go to the GitHub repository
2. Navigate to the "Actions" tab
3. Select the "Release Module" workflow
4. Click "Run workflow"
5. Enter the new version number (e.g., 1.1.2)
6. Choose whether this is a pre-release
7. Click "Run workflow"

The GitHub Action will:
- Update the version in module.json
- Update the download URL in module.json
- Create a module.zip file
- Commit the changes to the repository
- Create a GitHub release with the specified version
- Upload the module.zip file to the release

## Installation

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases page](https://github.com/Monterroso/Frinny-Frontend/releases)
2. Extract the zip file
3. Copy the extracted folder to your Foundry VTT modules directory
4. Restart Foundry VTT
5. Enable the module in your world

### Installation via Foundry VTT

1. In the Foundry VTT setup screen, go to the "Add-on Modules" tab
2. Click "Install Module"
3. In the "Manifest URL" field, paste:
   ```
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Monterroso/Frinny-Frontend/main/frinny/module.json
   ```
4. Click "Install"
5. Enable the module in your world

Commit message:

Testing auto deploy via github action

README.md, after:

# Frinny - AI Assistant for Foundry VTT

An AI assistant for Pathfinder 2E that helps with character creation, leveling, and combat.

## Development

### Local Development Workflow

To update the module version and prepare for a release:

1. Use the version bump script to update the version number:

```bash
./scripts/bump-version.sh patch  # Options: major, minor, patch
```

This will:
- Calculate the next version number based on semantic versioning
- Update the version in `frinny/module.json`
- Update the download URL in `module.json`
- Optionally create a local `module.zip` file for testing

2. Commit and push your changes to the main branch:

```bash
git add frinny/module.json
git commit -m "Bump version to X.Y.Z"
git push origin main
```

3. The GitHub Actions workflow will automatically:
   - Detect the version change
   - Create a module.zip package
   - Create a GitHub release with the new version
   - Upload the module.zip to the release

### Manual Local Build

If you need to manually set a specific version:

```bash
./scripts/build.sh 1.2.3 [--create-zip]
```

The `--create-zip` flag is optional and will create a local zip file for testing.

## Installation

### Manual Installation

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases page](https://github.com/Monterroso/Frinny-Frontend/releases)
2. Extract the zip file
3. Copy the extracted folder to your Foundry VTT modules directory
4. Restart Foundry VTT
5. Enable the module in your world

### Installation via Foundry VTT

1. In the Foundry VTT setup screen, go to the "Add-on Modules" tab
2. Click "Install Module"
3. In the "Manifest URL" field, paste:
   ```
   https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Monterroso/Frinny-Frontend/main/frinny/module.json
   ```
4. Click "Install"
5. Enable the module in your world
